Stephen Whitesides here with Greenbrier
music I have four of the Tim of
starseries snare drum set up for you so
you can hear the difference between them
they've all got the same ambassador
batter heads we have similar tuning and
similar snare wire tension you'll notice
they're all fourteen by six all so that
we have excellent hardware a very modern
construction but we depart from just a
modern tight sound with some warmer
brighter darker interesting sounds
depending on the snare drum you pick my
favorite thing about these drums really
is we have a silent snare switch it
won't pop off you hit it too hard like
some of the lightning and done it
counterparts it's very firmly locked in
place because it's a horizontal lever
and it is accessible to be switched on
and off with your knee if you need to if
you're a fusion drummer like me you like
to be able to throw your snare on and
off really quickly in the middle of a
rhythm so let's check out how the solid
shell maple 14 by six sounds
next we have the affirm mahogany snare
African mahogany snare it's a 14 by 6
and as a solid shell I'm expecting this
one's going to sound a little bit
brighter and more focused than the
warmer maple counterpart for those of
you looking for something that's going
to cut a little bit better than the
maple snares are used to I'd highly
recommend this one so certainly one
other thing I noticed just now in
playing this one it's got more of a rich
texture whereas the maple snare is
probably a cleaner recording option if
you're playing live I'd highly prefer
the mahogany over the maple personally
let's take a look at this stay of ash
version
easy to be able to play quiet if you're
skilled drummer it's hard to make a
snare drum getting louder because
certainly if you hit it as hard as you
can a louder snare drum has more
Headroom basically this would certainly
be the pick for that so let's take a
look at the last snare over here we have
the walnut stave shell see what that one
sounds like
so what I found with the walnut stave
shell is it has a lot of presence like
the ash not so much it's a little more
bright and concise I feel like I'd want
tighter tighter less involved snare
wires out of the snare because the
musical tones that come out of the shell
with the snares off are certainly the
defining aspect of this one so just to
give you a little more of a comparison
let's see how they all sound